hey everybody welcome back to the line
bellezza but anyways again to root Plus
yesterday's daily was fun we didn't rank
that well 308 overall 326 nine percent
with the score of forty six thousand
zero seven zero and apparently our fatal
flaw was not using forget-me-now which
mean that video hasn't gotten up yet but
I've talked to some victim he's like I
use forget me now after mega Sade and
then you can fight mega Satan again and
I was like I thought that you couldn't
fight mega Satan the second time and
thus caused myself a few thousand points
but that run still served its purpose it
was important it got my confidence back
there's no way for you to know this yet
but I've been playing better I'm over I
think my temporary insanity thinking of
the game somehow got ten times harder
overnight or something like that it will
Kane we're going all the way I'm not
sure as of yet whether we're going to
the lam one of these days I gotta
remember it but you got a you know
please yourself in my own shoes here and
but you can put yourself in your own
shoes as well because honestly we're
probably not the same size I'm not
bragging but I do have a size of foot
that is probably one standard deviation
above the norm I typically wear at 12 to
a size 13 shoe and then people say well
if you actually wore that you'd know
your shoe size and I say well you take
that up with the manufacturers for whom
I don't underst eight sometimes I'm a
twelve sometimes I'm a I'm a twelve and
a half sometimes I'm a thirteen not
bragging sometimes people always they'd
when they hear you have a shoe size
that's like slightly above average and
that might be more than slightly above
average but you know Austin's got the
same size shoes that's all I'm saying
people go oh yeah sure what kind of six
social circles do you run in where
people are constantly bragging about
their shoe size you got to stop hanging
out with those weirdos here's the
benefits of have by the way why do I
have spectral tears I don't know but I'm
stoked
it is Victoria Day in Canada which is
the day when we celebrate you know our
land having been conquered and then you
know
enormous air quotes civilized but I'm
here as a result of it so maybe it's not
all questionable either way I don't
think this has anything to do with Queen
Victoria today's daily that is first off
because Nicholas is an American company
and the only time American companies
care about Canada is when they're
dealing with softwood lumber or they
want to make a joke about South Park the
people more clever than themselves made
in the first place and secondly I'm
pretty sure Queen Victoria didn't wear
an eye patch but you know I'm not that
familiar with my with my United Kingdom
history so I may be mistaken on that
general front of things yeah it's like
it this is our Memorial Day but a
Memorial Day is like my right Memorial
Day is a day when you honor the veterans
we have that November 11th in Canada
it's called Remembrance Day the
anniversary of the Armistice from the
first world war then you guys also have
Veterans Day which follows I believe on
the same day as remembering States so
it's all you know topsy-turvy is a tough
call because we could go to the shop and
buy a spear and our to protect our deal
with the devil interest but I'm going to
stick with what we got going on here try
not to take damage and hopefully get a
blood bank as a result of coming down
here with more money or at least maybe
get a chance to buy something from the
shop as a result of having more money or
worst case scenario oh my god I almost
ran right into that at least have saved
more money so we get 0.7 damage up from
dogtooth and access or at least
awareness of where our secret rooms are
so first bomb probably goes to that
secret room second bomb probably goes to
give a shop access we'll see nor the
frames here at two-speed already dude
that is madness that gives us a battery
charge we cannot use but
and nothing else okay so I was looking
forward to the butt bang off there they
do in a Minot and yeah anyway
yesterday's daily I felt like was like
the beginning of of almost an awakening
for me in some ways okay I'm gonna close
Skype is frame rates getting a little
absurd um close this down people talking
about injustice too
nothing wrong with that you know you're
talking about industry happenings
doesn't doesn't return me at all I'm a
sensible man it wasn't it was the
one-armed man I did play like I think
now even though champion belts great for
three cents let's cash out and give
ourselves the best chance possible to
get a deal with the devil here and then
if we have a deal with the devil that
cost two hearts or one that is you know
to one our deals rather or either for
that matter
we can use our spirit art as leverage to
be able to take those without dying
I played injustice one I can't remember
if I beat the story mode there was like
a really cheesy combo and injustice one
that I mean I was time terrible at
fighting games in general most of the
time but and I don't mean when people go
like oh I'm a scrub you know I'm in the
DT or something like that I mean there
is no tier I don't know what my tier is
I mean an undefined tier I was pretty
good at persona 4 arena but it's only
because they added this awesome feature
for scrubs gotta pay attention on this
room this is like low key high key off
key mom's key like one of the hardest
rooms you can face on this floor the
spirit art was well worth it
unfortunately resident fighting the boss
I'm going to go quickly check out our
last room here presumably but yeah they
added an awesome feature for idiots like
myself where you can just press the
light attack button then it would string
together like a suboptimal but still
pretty impressive combo we do have one
luck we probably should not have taken
it but I figured I'd I'd take my chances
we spend three cents on a on a spear at
Howard so as of right now we would not
have been able to get champion belt we
need one more penny to be able to get
champion belt so maybe if we shot oops
and fires we can make it happen but yeah
what I was going to say though before
the injustice stuff there's a cheesy
combination as Aquaman what you did is
first you to a quarter-circle forward
then a light punch and then you like
fish the summon fish's initial though I
like to chicken wait how does it sounds
like I'm having a stroke I'm just trying
to recall the lyrics to one week by the
Barenaked Ladies yeah you got to think
about that
let's go angel deals I don't want ghost
baby that badly angel deals are better
now I'm willing to give them a shot
let's go umm I like fish I love I like
this shell a swish a summon fish to the
dish although I like the shell a Swiss I
like the sushi because it's never
touched a frying pan yeah that was going
to be a great barenaked ladies into
aquaman reference you know or vice versa
but it's okay
the point is I'm back baby and
yesterday's daily catalysed it in a way
you know I had an extremely easy time of
things as everybody who did yesterday's
daily did and now I feel like I've got a
little bit more confidence underneath me
and I'm not consistently as bad as I
have been over the past few episodes at
least in the bevy that I recorded
yesterday not to you know spoil things
out of turn but it feels better now it's
nice it's nice to feel like you know
your life's work has an D materialized
in front of your eyes like some kind of
weird getting by a Star Trek gun or
something like that I don't know oh geez
it also helps to be Cain who has 4.20
damage from the start might not seem
like a huge upgrade but 4.2 damage
versus 3.5 it starts to matter pretty
quickly and we do have dog tooth for a
you know a slightly improved
damage-dealing potential on top of that
as well kind of you know whiffed on
deals with the devil
boss items to some
as well what is this technology zero
okay this seems was this added in the
booster pack holy crap he dodged it so
this seems like really cool almost all
the technology items are worth something
it seems like kind of a a muted version
of Jacob's Ladder but I've really only
used it for like two rooms here so and
I've used it for two rooms with the
default rate of fire so it's plausible
that you know if we could ramp up our
rate of fire it seems like something
that would scale with a number of tiers
that we're putting out here because it
it draws an electrical line between
every tier that we've shot maybe I'll
hear me out with two-speed is that the
these are the keys to the kingdom right
here you know what I know exactly what
we need to test this what I was trying
to do is shoot like a big old laser trap
across the map here and catch every
enemy in it but in order for that to
work we're going to need piercing tears
if we can get piercing shots my thinking
is especially if our rate of fires high
enough we know our speed is high enough
cute one shot at the the top bound the
upper bound of a level and shoot a
second shot at as close to the lower
balance you can get before the top shot
is destroyed and see if you can just
create like a line of electrical traps
assuming that enemies who are touching
that electricity take a similar amount
of damage that they would have they've
been struck by the tier x repeating of
course and what I mean to say is uh if I
don't like analysis analysis is stupid
did I blow that up or did I did the
vomitorium man blow that up because I
should not have blown it up before using
wheel of fortune to get something out of
it I mean nine volt is good doesn't do
anything for us immediately but it's
probably worth holding the Sun card
beats the wheel of fortune card and we
have a bomb so we should probably
I use this to find the second secret
room combined with dogtooth which should
be over here somewhere
as always I'm surprisingly on picky
person I have the reputation for being a
picky eater which is actually hilarious
to me because I was a picky eater as a
kid I was I didn't eating rice I like is
too many of food that's not a
grammatical misspeak it's just too many
food I didn't like soup add too watery
you know I'm quite the I'll eat anything
now not a second secret room I must have
missed it for breakfast this morning I
had cold leftover
roti which is like a North Indian done
leaving flatbread dipped in the curry
leftover do without being heated up and
it's probably not that rare but cold
curry and bread you know that's a good
breakfast for me as far as I'm concerned
you know probably not as far as my
cardiologist is concerned but what is
that idiot know anyway no the second
secret room I don't want to spend too
much time looking for it here okay let's
just go let's just go um but yeah I
think it's because I on the NL SS I'm
like you put spaghetti on a sandwich and
ate it you're an adult and then people
go oh well this guy's a picky eater no I
just have self-respect
I suppose um just wait for this to pop
off grab these let's go and throw some
bombs because if we don't I do worry
about our pace and finishing this fight
say one just for the next floor but you
know sometimes Kate will order in lunch
or she'll go out to get it while I'm
doing like the NL SS and she's like what
do you want here's how you know I'm not
a picky eater I don't even know where
she's going I say just give me one of
anything no matter what she comes back
with I'm not going to be like oh no I
don't like chickpea flour is this fried
and chick you see the thing is like I'm
not a picky eater I never meant to do
those things to you a we can do that
again
that's simple plan's untitled open
parentheses
could this happen to me but I'm not a
picky eater I don't know what happened
to my diaphragm there I had all sorts of
vegetables to rue
I need that golden balm see a roux is a
flowering liquid based on emotion that
helps you thicken up a sorceress - okay
grab this grab this we're two minutes
behind schedule that slow as molasses
but we did get a deal with the angel we
probably did not deserve so what we are
going to do is speed up here and if we
take a little bit of damage it's less
consequential because nice it's less
consequential because the odds of us
getting a deal with the devil on this
floor are lower to begin with so we do
have deal with he ate all that was froze
I dodged out of the way and then back
into the way that's okay
I also should never have been hit so
easily by the angel statue to lose the
spirit art to begin with but ah easy
choice easiest choice in the world
you take both because you can but no
it's it's still the easiest choice in
the world you never would have taken we
can't get that we never would have taken
strange attractor over unicorn corn
even though unicorn horn is not
particularly amazing we have no space
bar item and we have the nine volt so
you know it's my endeavor to use this
properly this floor would be a really
good one to get a deal we don't deserve
as we are a little underpowered and as
always it's worth noting that strange
attractor probably is not going to make
that much better kind of hoping there's
some weird text zero synergy that I've
never thought to experience here before
now I did use and I don't think it's
episodes gone up yet but I did use a
glowing hourglass recently and I
understand it on a deeper level now than
I have
have before but is it the right choice
for right now I don't know I'm not
really looking for item right I'm
looking for item right now this guy was
howling like crazy so we know that
that's going to be a second secret room
so the principle drop the glowing
hourglass is to I mean let's put it this
way take a bad pill go back in time
don't take a bad pill all of a sudden
we've spared ourselves from the tears
downgrade take damage on the boss and
compromise our deal with the devil
chances go back in time fight the boss
this time don't take damage and you know
maybe you get your deal with devil as a
result it could change the entire scope
of the run but much as I hate to admit
it I think occasional invincibility is
probably more valuable remember as well
that glowing hourglass also runs out as
much as I am loath to admit that it's
useful it does run out let me drink a
little coffee here you kill a little
bossom then you drink a little coffee
what I got you gotta give me deal angel
nothing really rhymes with angels range
y'all Mariah Carey got that three octave
range y'all something like that okay
it's probably got more than a three
octave range what's an average singers
range I'm not talking about like Oh an
average singer you mean like Adele right
now I'm talking about you know Adele
Barnes your fourth-grade teacher
what's her range because I think I might
actually and I say this not just to
lampoon myself as if I'm having a laugh
in the court of the king
think I might have like 2/3 of an octave
range I'm really comfortable right
around here and I can get up here
without straining too hard but I do lose
it it's like I'm pretty sure that if
there is a song with eight notes in it
I can't hit all of them like
biologically I don't think I contain the
bodily structure that's okay this is we
have to go mama mega it's the easiest
choice in the world
we were I would say we're probably a
mild favorite to make boss rush but
certainly it was far from guaranteed ah
so my game plan there was get behind the
spikes and give yourself to deal with
the devil chance but it fell apart
that's I thought that this thing was
saying we're ready to go here uh-oh
that's the secret room I just when I
hear the Oh like it gets into my head
but I don't remember what room it was
used on it's just like it triggers a
flag in my minor illogical programming
that goes like there is a secret room on
this floor it's not very meaningful
sadly let's go so I'm going to slow down
a little bit here probably because the
thing is the hush fight if we choose to
do with the boss rush the hush fight
basically is is so unlikely because
we're going to be late for boss rush
which means that we're going to assuming
words about you know just not too much
stronger than this by the time we do
boss rush which is an assumption I would
prefer not to have to make but you know
given our 18 percent deal with the devil
chance the writing might be sort of on
the wall with respect to that we will
probably not be performant enough to
make it to the the hush fighting time
because boss rush could take us ten
minutes and I hate to admit that because
it's so annoying
this is I mean it's the metagame of the
dailies that keeps me coming back
because the the actual like hey you're
forced to do boss rush kinda stinks
I mean I know you're not forced to do
boss rush but let's be honest if you're
doing dailies you're trying to make boss
rush that's okay just go to the masters
and try your best know you're there to
do well you know there's no shame in
embracing that competitive aspect we're
competitive beings were driven by you
know competition I guess would be the
obvious word and it feels good to
succeed at something it's a reward for
the time spent in learning I value that
highly but what I do not value is a
12-minute boss rush with 4.90 damage but
I'm not salty yet I think we've actually
played relatively fine on today's daily
to this point it is fair to suggest that
we probably slowly knock that one out
huh it's fair to suggest that probably
we maybe shouldn't have taken strange
attractor I'll say it I got no one I
know uh you know familial history with
strange attractor that leads me to
defend it or something like that it's
just it's an item that look I saw an
item room with two items so an item room
with two items you know decided that I
would take it I think it actually makes
technology one mildly worse
not enough to actually like cry about or
anything but because our shots are just
they're hitting enemies faster and thus
the electrical field is being destroyed
faster so where is our secret room so we
want to I guess grab this we might not
want to have used a bomb might not want
to have to use the bund we could have
just used the spikes and then picked up
our red hard elsewhere but we got enough
bombs as well so we know that that's
that way this is no way if we come down
here we might find it's my way or the
highway
nothing secret room access some tie
would say there's a mild preference for
a shop for an item room to border a
secret room but it's anecdotal and it
might just be wishful thinking so yeah
it appears that I don't know what I'm
talking about I do want to go to a shop
oh we've already been to the shadows
where we bought mama mega of course we
should buy this 2 of clubs actually
matters not not bad at all
and the secret room borders here so
hopefully like a black heart or five
rooms is also pretty sweet to be fair
here speaking broadly an eihwaz rune
conceivably could give us the ability to
get to the hush fight we could also skip
false rush with it but that's I mean
boss rushes points so it's tough to
justify and I think I should rather do
boss rush than hush if we can get a
better item so oh man we got blank room
to pay out with a Waze it was give us a
crawl space with a bunch of shit in it
sorry for the S word YouTube / throw
okay well / throw is an obvious one
right now again we're not tight on time
now it's all about maximizing leveraging
our advantages there's options is quite
good because we want to mill four stat
upgrades hog allows doesn't matter but
there might be like mushrooms skulls
shirred just an easy way to use that we
even got a black card out of it we use
Bert Cano and then we got yarrow and we
got to a clubs I think you used to a
clubs get 11 bombs out of it
take ierra and then there's there's a
chance that really really great things
happen right here I think we did the
right thing on this floor full stop
remember we can't take a deal with the
devil on the next floor unless it shows
up as a result of the Joker because the
boss rush door will close behind us with
mama mega if we go to the deal with
devil first so give me tears or damage
or a multiplier or some combination of
all three and then give me a deal I
don't care if it's angel or devil it's
more likely to be angel but the most
likely outcome is that we don't get
anything at all so I'm fully committed
to not going to hush instead going to
boss rush the last thing that would
really tie this together and make my
life a little easier as if we were able
to get rid of mama mega on our next
floor for a spacebar item that actually
benefits from having the nine volt
because right now we're not at that
level of course so and this is sad but
we take HP it's not sad but it's just
not it's not good bad situation because
I would prefer to be able to know where
we stand here we can't spend we know
we're going to blow this guy up grab
whatever he's got can't spend until we
go to the shop the demon judgment offers
a lot of potential value so this floor
should be you know mere moments
depending on how we wanted to be combat
should be quick
the problem solving on this floor might
take slightly longer because we are
going to really give this one our all
because having sacrificed our chance to
get to hush more or less which by the
way I mean I know I'm talking a lot of
issac stuff in the dawn written rule is
we don't talk about Isaac during Isaac
but I also you know I talked about
injustice for a while so I think it's
time to you know talk about the game for
a second um I think if we had chosen not
to take mama Mega we wouldn't have made
either but if you make either on today's
daily or sorry if you make both on
today's daily you're a god and there are
people that have done it because I've
seen scores in the 60 thousands today on
greed but so 60,000 is huge unbelievably
good score lockups continue to bring a
little bit of hope that we got the
possibility against something special
here dude Steam sale is a huge pick up
of course makes me want to go to hush
but it's kind of irrelevant you know
those are going to make me want to you
know fart in front of the Queen
Elizabeth the
that doesn't mean it's any more likely
becoming a reality what a strange choice
of metaphor there you found our shop and
the shop is very good in fact it it's
it's like really really good but it also
comes with a question and the question
is is it worth blank card Yara here and
the answer is yes because there's a
battery so now you take blank card Yara
you double everything and then you go
pick up the battery charge which did not
double excuse me
it did double it just doubled on top of
itself so this is how you get infinity
points on today's daily notice and you
know what we're going to let it ride
today we're going to go for it and you
know why we're going to go for it
because we have key begger weirdly
enough that's that's going to be the
be-all end-all here so I'm just you know
clearing the room out slightly because
it's gonna it could crash the game
basically if things start to go awry
here so we're just going to bounce the
bomb needs to explode so we need to move
around here we've there's no point to
you know keeping all these eternal
hearts on the ground we might as well
knock them around a little bit here so
we need to pick up the era again I don't
know how we're looking for HP but it's
got to be good and then there's battery
charges forget about doubling the lovers
cards I don't care okay we do have I'm
hoping that now that we've broken the
the tricky nickels all of the nickels
that you get for doubling them become
pick up
so as long as you don't use the era I
don't see why you wouldn't pick up
everything you see here we're going to
be a full-hp regardless so you might as
well just clear out the room as best as
you can I think and then we're going to
go back to the era we didn't pick up a
battery charge in the melee there which
is amazing to me we're going to double
it up again because of points and we're
just going to work our way through here
we can't afford to lose the yarrow rune
but we do want to pick up like every
bomb available we've gotten them so now
take care of the exit okay so we know
we're at full HP 12 HP and we have blank
card Yara so points now are fairly easy
to come by but we don't have damage is
the thing we also we could use more keys
but blank card Yara makes that pretty
easy to create but we need more keys
pardon me for more points anyway
the soul is I mean not so useful from an
HP standpoint anymore but still nice
we'll continue to use blank card Yara
for now we should probably continue to
use blank card Yara like forever
on this run but not fully convinced that
that's we compromise our deal with the
devil champ because we lost our spirit
our pardon me a little spring allergy
congestion going on here hmm it's a
better room to double because we get
more bombs which equals more points but
we could start doubling the keys as well
and get something there but not super
concerned about it as you might expect
now so assuming we get at least like a
red heart that drops on boss rush we
shouldn't die on boss rush despite the
fact that we're not necessarily crushing
it from a an HP standpoint I mean
seemed like an okay choice we do have to
worry about not having any knowledge of
what our HP looks like right now and we
do also have to remember that the run
feels powerful but we're 26 minutes in
on the depths and not particularly
strong like we still have the same
damage that we had in like our caves 1
item room we are doing better than usual
from a point standpoint though and we
conceivably could make up for the for
the lack of a hush fight by just
doubling up here I don't think maybe
we're in the somewhat special scenario
here because we actually kept our yarrow
rune but you didn't have to keep it for
very long my expectation is that a lot
of people are probably going to find
themselves in a similar boat today blank
card Yara is like a classic combination
for for making a breaking run work so I
think you know we need damage above all
else so forget the eternal heart forget
two blood bank
grab this instead okay so that's our
second syringe it's a start I don't know
if we even want to go to the boss trap
room it just strikes me as a little -
not good basically
you want the battery charged we don't
need the battery charged now that I
think about it what do we need the
battery charge for we're going to get a
battery charge after we kill mom and
pick up another item so just remember we
can't get a deal with the devil here
anyway so once you kill mom do not pick
up the deal with the devil hopefully if
there's a deal and then surprisingly
high chance actually but if there's a
deal hopefully it'll stay open that was
terrible after we finish boss rush so
what we need to survive on on boss rush
and I think that survival is a mild
concern we have a lot of HP but you know
we're not crushing enemies at all from a
damage standpoint although euthanasia
does give us a nice little bit of burst
damage on occasion um what we need is
like a single red heart to drop and then
every time blank Cartier it comes off we
just use it I would also love to get
like a devil card we would probably
blank card gara it and then use the
devil's once we had like at least two of
them available so we could constantly
dupe one I think they do we found out
recently they do a stack don't know if
they always do so we didn't get a deal
with the devil the portal to the void
floor is irrelevant what we want is the
polaroid and then we got betrayal rune
bag is lovely fire mind we got to go for
spun so rune bag is great but we already
have blank card Yara
we have to go spun the damage upgrade is
too valuable and then it's going to be
like kind of a nightmare for a little
while here but at least the first wave
here is pretty easy
and dude this is it tech zero starting
to make it happen we didn't get it Sears
upgrade sadly we did get we must have
gotten a damaged upgrade before spun
kicked in because in case it's not
abundantly clear I would suggest that
9.14 damage
from our previous damage stat of five is
a fairly unlikely boon to get from like
a single play placenta just healed us a
little bit I shouldn't probably be as
concerned about HP as I am but I've had
some poor luck and poor performances
lately and I don't think this run should
be countered amongst them you know we've
taken some bad damage and it's probably
always a bad idea you know if you want
to make a rule of thumb around strange
attractor the rule of thumb would
definitely be don't take strange
attractor but I continue to be the home
for misfit toys to some extent in this
game there are situations in which it's
nice my dream of creating you know an
electrical black hole is probably not
going to come true but you never know
still a lot of game left the hush fight
in a way it's very freeing now but it's
a loss to the sands of time so the only
way that we are going to get an amazing
score yeah just walk right into it what
could be the problem the only way we're
going to get an amazing score is a via
our own ingenuity and then use of blank
card Yara which is thankfully very
obvious like well how do you get a lot
of points with blank card Yara um just
double everything you see that provides
you with like any benefit whatsoever so
unfortunately that doesn't apply to our
lone consumable on this run so far which
is on this room so far which is a an I
found pills pill but it's going to
happen dude you're watching this and
you're going this is a long boss rush
just remember we had about half of this
damage like three rooms ago and that was
that was the world that it looked like
we were going to have to live in a
cylinder the electricity does a
comparable amount of damage to our
yeah that was I mean anyone could have
predicted that happening I still don't
know if our electricity does a
comparable amount of damage to our
existing tears but certainly has a much
wider spread so scent is doing just
about exactly what it dude we have
unlimited bombs I mean they're not
special bombs they're not like cool
bombs I'm not a normal bomb I'm like a
cool bomb so we should have been using
those earlier to be fair a lot of the
earlier enemies
we fought were actually like completely
fine really
Dingell of all the enemies Dingles the
one rattling me right now so there's
this is my master plan right here I
don't think it's working too well not
yet anyway but I believe in the power of
Tec cero tech zero has been fine for us
so far might even be amazing later
we're not quite ah there yet so perfect
thank you you just fell into my trap you
yeah absolute idiot get outsmarted by
the best of them son
I need like a topic to converse about
because these boss Russians are getting
ridiculous
it could be 40 minutes into the run by
the time I leave boss rush this is we're
on a normal that was not very good on a
normal daily I'd be like ask him for
mercy right now there's no mercy to ask
for because the run is great it's just
incredibly slow I'm like losing my mind
that we have had no other consumables
drop as well like none it doesn't seem
plausible that we could have nun
consumables drop this deep into a boss
rush with a 5 luck stat as there's no
negative sign in front of that right
this is a this is a 5 luck step okay
well that pretty much is 100% reservist
hmm so we are going to the chest that 5
Lux that should serve us pretty well
down there I'm getting sloppy I'm losing
a few hundred points I don't need to
lose time to reel that in
we've got to be closing in on on the
finish here and the runs actually like
from a damage standpoint it's actually
fine
nine damage with a default rate of fire
is not anything to write home about but
it's not horrible we should be okay to
survive and do okay on the rest of the
run like this but I would really really
like a sears upgrade I feel like that's
kind of the key to the kingdom for us
when it comes to making at X zero
flourish any damage we do with tech zero
is pretty much accidental right now but
I believe that you know careful and
considered use of this could turn out to
be a large positive please tell me we
are done now please tell me we're done
after this you know I'll compromise I'm
a man of a reasonable man most of the
time if you get more than two meets at
the deli counter where there's a line
behind you I think you should be thrown
in prison but apart from that I'm a
reasonable man if you don't use your
turn signal capital punishment but apart
from that I consider myself a reasonable
it does nobody else paid attention to
the rules it's all it separates us from
the animals dude is our turn signals
I'm going to die of old age before we
finish this boss rush that one heard me
because I should have dodged it about a
million times but I'm gonna I'm losing
my resolve that's me in the corner
that's dead literally in this case
that's me in the spotlight freaking
losing my will to live on this daily run
that's not what michael skype it michael
stipe there's got to be something it's a
voice over IP program it's a voice over
P because his name is Michael Stipe but
I call them Michael Skype is the thing
and you sound fine wait there's there's
something good in here
where is Skype originally from I think
it's like Estonia now I'm trying to work
like the story of the founding of Skype
into if the end of the world as we know
it there's zero percent chance of this
working out pattern in Vilnius bought by
Microsoft right right hmm it's a voice
element P protocol it's okay it's oh my
god it actually never ends you should
know that when I said we'd be out of
here by 40 minutes of course in my head
I'm going 40 minutes come on we'll be
out of here 33 we'll be home by
Christmas we are not home by Christmas I
keep taking bad damage just like this is
not a run for which boss rush made any
sense apparently despite our newfound
damage holy crap it's done and we got
like you want to go razor blade if we
get both now we can't get both so razor
blade is the right colleges piercing
occasionally I don't know it's just
really been like a month since I had
this item
what I do know for certain is that
poison is just not that good okay it's
only occasionally piercing but still so
blank card Yara that's important
starting to build a decent run here we
should have heared that to be honest
with you
the faster you start the doubling the
more important is you ever see that
graph by like compound interest you know
it's like if you start saving now versus
if you start saving in ten years with
dramatic effects that can have on your
on your bank account
it's basically blank card er you know
you get that first double out of the way
got a lot less to worry about we still
have a chance to die I'm just going to
use the judgment we still have a chance
to die but if we handle things properly
on this floor don't take too much damage
like we have we have a tolerance we can
take a little damage but we just can't
take too too much then we should be
sitting pretty and I actually think
there was if I remember correctly and
we're getting to the point where that
was like an hour ago so I don't know if
I do but there was a pretty wide gulf
between scores on today's daily and
we're at like a competitive level not to
be number one probably was a secret room
here yes
problem-solving not to be number one but
to be in the running for maybe like you
know top 200 is something like that
because the the top score is like 60
something which is really good but the
scores on the front page I think you
know range down into the maybe like
mid-40s which is dated which is
completely within our grasp
considering the tools that we have right
now and our existing score which despite
being you know normally we'd be down
here twice as quickly but oh no it's
definitely above oh wow it was both
actually disregard yeah despite being
like way behind or ahead of schedule
wait not or ahead literally just being
behind schedule like we're in a very
good spot here point wise you'd expect
our points to be lower given the
circumstances is what I'm trying to say
and failing so what we're going to do
here is double again and we're going to
pick up all the keys before key beggar
gets them because this guy is a jerk and
you're going to take a lot of them
unfortunately but that's the cost of
doing business
at least he gave us absolutely nothing
okay less than nothing actually
compromised our deal with the devil
chance drastically and paralysis okay
thanks for your help as always high
quality item this is people are so happy
with that items in the game key bagger
man when you think you're strong pick up
this item and lose your own whoo it
won't be long
two key bagger kills your overpowered
run key beggars most embarrassing thing
I can admit is not my singing but the
fact that as soon as I start singing in
an episode I lean on the keys like I'm
fuckin Stevie Wonder
seriously I started like milking the
arrow keys for notes dude
euthanasia with the I mean I gotta go
but euthanasia with the tech zero effect
is actually really sweet let me get a
ring of electricity we should start
doubling something else we got battery
charges I just don't know what I mean we
should double more keys really you don't
need to double bombs although we could
probably still get some points out of it
we don't need to double money either so
it's again kind of unnecessary at the
very least oh okay well that makes my
decision a lot easier or does it or does
it took one you jerk you know what dude
just go for it
don't let me stop you oh you don't want
these we still get some points when ki
beggar picks them up I guess well worth
it
just call on ki beggar when you need a
hand
we need to get a keys gone that time I
didn't lean like Stevie Wonder and my
voice was much worse so you know you do
the math Wow
that is embarrassing I really want the
second key piece
now
you can't be killed this is where you
hurt him please do that attack more than
once per millennium it's so funny
because like I'm looking at it's a forty
seven minute video at this point could
take an hour before we finish people are
going to be in the comments like must be
a speedrun you know wow like you're
going to go into this one thinking it's
a loss and actually you're going to find
yourself in this weird like David Lynch
Ian completely one run but exceptionally
slow version of it that I I mean I can't
really fathom myself to be honest with
you these three didn't fight Bighorn on
this one so you definitely want to just
take the tiers upgrade and that's
actually extremely good might as well do
our last room here right if you got
speed and balls of steel you can make
that room work
I took damage I probably touched a red
pooop' put a shot yeah we're down to the
next floor 45 minutes in here maybe I
touched a spike there's no red poops
there I don't know what I don't know I
don't know phantom damage happens to the
best of us dad was not phantom damage
that was very legitimate damage turn
into Peter Falk from The Princess Bride
there temporarily says card bloom to
scott womb that I wish you saw 50 minute
daily ROM close your eyes and those
words rhyme with the with the binding
device spare me from this madness no you
I took one why do you insist vilifying
yourself it's a bad look buddy
okay okay okay let me explain that
damage because it was terrible um I
walked on the spikes because I went too
fast just no better explanation as far
as I'm concerned ki beggar at this point
take all the keys you find keys take
them you know why because I want you to
give me an item that to at least let me
crap on this run for all floor we're
doing fine like it's good it's just not
quite great and it feels like it should
be great because we got you know
everything the body needs here not
really inspiring a lot of confidence
with my own play to be fair and our
damage penalty is going to be through
the roof but just go for it do take it
he's done it - pills way let me guess
speed downgrade and the pill that loses
you the game instantly retro vision and
okay perks is actually good dat elavil
zero room so we lose our Yara rune tell
appealed error room so we lose our gear
Arun tell of pills as wait yeah woo woo
this is a double secret no it just went
twice for some reason wait that it
called it on that room as well
so forgive me but I am going to this
very sensible play I'm going to first
I'll just can you say three arrows are
you out of your mind I am going to well
now I don't even need to get here I'm
just going to go because I'm done I
think we're going to do fines on today's
daily but I'm going to kill my enjoyment
of this game like a hundred percent
single-handedly on this daily it's not
even that it's bad I don't how many
times I've said this over the course of
the past 50 minutes or so but it's just
taking forever it's like it's like two
standard deviations longer than the
average Isaac run and then the extra
annoyance on top of that is that it's
actually good no I'm not going to the
void floor you might catch other idiots
but I've made that mistake enough times
to know that you know it's not the right
way to go so we're a little lighter on
points now than we'd normally be on the
cathedral I accept this a million
percent as a result of taking damage I
also accept that if I didn't take this
damage I would be going so slowly and
carefully that I would altair-4 the run
so I didn't self trepan eight at some
point in order to you know relieve the
pressure of being the slowest dang daily
of all time despite the damage of gross
give me a reason dude just give me a
breeze there we go double it up why not
the real draw here of course is two
double chests on the chest so the
suffering that we've incurred up to this
point on a mental level is all worth it
if by the way let me point out I
squandered every deal with the devil
that we ever kill I squandered every
deal chance that we came across except
for the one on the third floor which
hilariously was probably the hardest for
us to actually keep it alive because we
didn't have a spirit I was left at that
point but
we had low chances but anyway I digress
we could have saved ourselves some some
pain and heartache by just not taking as
much awful damage or not awful but
inopportune and then of course once we
got all those eternal hearts we no
longer had the ability really to uh to
protect ourselves with a spirit heart so
we had to kill rooms extremely quickly
to get a deal with the devil because if
we didn't kill them quickly they could
hurt us but obviously that didn't
necessarily come to pass yeah cuz it
told you that but it's all worth it it's
almost inconceivable that eight luck
could lead to anything but a bountiful
chest eight luck you know we might as
well at this point ten luck okay I'm
going to check that might be magic mush
or you know a full health
pill it's not a bed full white pill full
health pill they all know the little
ditty we blank card Yara ten luck we
should be getting chefs you know every
every time we step foot into a room it
should be like excuse me sir you've been
through a lot here's what you get you
know Oh Polyphemus you shouldn't have
put it on the pile with you no Godhead
brimstone now I'm not naive enough to
expect that that's likely what's going
to happen here
have we ever before in our lives had a
good train wreck this might be the first
of its kind king of the Andals you know
first of its freakin name good train
Wrexham daenerys train wreck e'en
something like it almost works there's
more than I can say about the mush that
my brain is turned into after this you
know I always started out as like a plan
for my days mostly Sun doesn't record a
little eyes examined got the analyst
says take a little break after the LSS
eat some lunch I'm unique we're too late
in the run for me to get into you'll be
a mad at me for even lunch at 6 p.m. by
the way you know give different people I
wake up late let's just be it's call it
you know as we see it here today I
started with more than enough time I was
like I might even be able to fit in to
average length isaac runs before the
analyst SL give me a lot of momentum
productivity wise for today nope we will
definitely be able to fit one thankfully
I did get a little bit of an earlier
start to you know when Isaac recording
and sometimes I do because if I had
given myself the normal like 50 minutes
although we would have been scrambling
to make the docket and it would have
been a disaster piece man but let's go
we're on the chest if I get an ever
recorded I'm out of this bitch as fast
as possible so I hear that's eight items
we have the 9-volt I don't think we
should go for eight items because we
should get we should get you know we
should get enough items to keep us you
know busy for at least another doubling
and every doubling is worth more than
the one that preceded it so it will cost
us a lot of points to use all of our
keys to do this but it'll also restore
my sanity I am approximately zero
percent worried about my ranking today I
know that we're going to be in the top
and that's all rights I think we might
have a worse relative rank but a better
overall rank because anybody not
recording this daily I think has about a
+ 95 percent chance to just press alt f4
once they get to that boss rush that
takes a hundred minutes unless maybe the
deal with the devil contains a beautiful
bounty that I had missed as a result of
the squandering I accept that as a as a
possibility of course so we got to be
smart here
that's 16 this is 32 this will be 64
which is enough to take all of our keys
so we're going to take every passive of
course and I'm just going to like leave
periodically to cull the chests that
we've already taken
dude there's some amazing stuff there I
mean as is already pretty solid monstros
lungs doing some solid work here 8 Inch
Nails is killing it so let's go pick up
this amazing stuff Hoshi tractor beam
adrenaline course Holy Light is awesome
parasitoid also awesome repairs straight
tears I should say
Rawdon baby very good but most enemies
are going to die before we touch them
the real meat here is of course
proptosis and then spoon vendor as well
but we're going to take everything this
should give us conjoined maybe getting
close at least relic is worthless so
what we don't want to do is take dr.
fetus I also don't really want to take
marks I do want holy mantle I do want
that I do want the halo I do watch
chocklit milk thank you I don't really
care if we get cursed I because I don't
expect to ever take damage again I will
take the weight I'll take a speed
upgrade take the songs that remind us of
the good times I'll take the freaking
songs that remind us of the best times
I'm not ignoring swallowed penny I'm
just going to choose to simplify my life
by not taking it
this run is already absurd and we're out
of keys okay in a way that's actually
kind of nice we know okay
photosensitivity warning may be coming
in a little late here but this in a way
it almost makes it worthwhile although
that time that we spent being mad at
this run is dead to us and we'll never
return
dude you serious
35 damage
what's done is done it was an excellent
run for about 45 seconds apart from that
a little annoying but check it out 306 I
can live with that our damage penalty is
out of control but for now thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button I'll set a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you tomorrow
for another daily and some more regular
Isaac as well